hello to all the boys and girls
welcome once again here to one of
these advances is plasma without game and in
this time what we see has been that
gameplay that has been presented over
six minutes of good duration
exactly six minutes in which by
end we saw images in game of that
metal gear solid 5 that by the way already
we have said in previous videos that it is
that the phantom pain that mysterious
I have three guests here
three friends who usually tend
also participate in the voice podcast
of the gamers and I want them to
count if you think this game
could really playstation 3
or xbox 360
in this way that we are seeing in
this gameplay since we remember that this
game as said will appear in
xbox 360 and on playstation3 also
would appear on pc since kojima would want
do it cross-platform but they have not
named the consoles of the nexgen
still so for example mobile and you
as best these images do you think that
really playstation3 and xbox 360
they could run it this way because I
I do not know in some sections I can
removing a bit at once what is it
what we are seeing then is the route
for a pc but play 3 and I is that what
I doubt I doubt that at least a hundred
Per hundred of what we are seeing
I think I could not run it though
well you never know how good we have
also to cats on the other side of the line
and well, katsu for example, I think
have a different opinion and the yes that
It is not true that the consoles of
the current generation can move this
with respect to the interactions to play
3 and 360 I see more trained to play
3 taking it off a little bit from below
resolution to the best effects of anti
arias because I see that it is applied in
all scenarios
we go effects of lights I see them possible
the shadows yes it is true that no
They have no type of sawtooth
it's already pretty clear maybe
I trust Colima a lot and surely
some type engine like those that
they developed those of naughty dog I think
that something this man has in mind and
developed to at least run to
a play 3 what happens is that if
then you will also go for the 360 ​​is what
that leaves me like that a little I do not know I would not know
tell you if really the 360 ​​I think not
I could not move this anymore, I think I still
thinking that the p3 is far superior
what happens is that we carry a whole
generation eating by is 360 and
really it has not seen power
I believe that yes it is
true that in terms of effects of
lighting and other playstation3 in this
occasion would have much more strength and what
what are we seeing, I think so
that could be produced in a
playstation 3 but yes it is true that
let's see some elements of this
gameplay specifically that's when
you will have a little bit of doubt and as well
you said that debugging that has to
have these images absolutely not
you see neither a sawtooth any
scratch hard you can not see anything
that could make us think that this is
there may be a playstation 3 in addition
this game let's not forget that metal gear
solid 5 according to what has been said could
to be a sandbox is to say a game of a
quite open world and right now what
that we are seeing that it is true that
it's a hallway but imagine when
we had for that in a world
open in a larger environment where
I had to move more things and I give him the
step to barry burton while we see that
character that is in the background that to me
remember a lot as well as before the first
metal gear solid 'and the truth is that there
I think there are people who also
remember pretty I do not know if you perry you
remember and step by then give us your
opinion on whether you think this is
could run on the consoles of the
current generation
talking if it 's I'm like before I did not
I think it's more of a wink than something else and
I have seen several winks to characters
as for example voice that also comes out
on a horse that I do not know if it's you
exactly but it is given an air
great to the metal voice character
gear solid 3 on whether this can
move a playstation 3 yo as it is
see in this trailer is not that what I am
quite blunt does not look basically for
several details and if you watch the trailer
not only since they do not have any teeth
of sierra that the fire is spectacular
that the shadows are perfect let's say
that simply when snake goes
crawling on the floor the creases
of clothes react such and how
they would react if you were crawling
for the same clothes the creators of the
feet the toes and feet of
video games are usually pretty
planes and here have the foot was supported
just as it would support you in real life
the foot
cs
in the clothes of the Lord this that you
accompanies with the face covered the clothes
reacts as the soil as the
Look but as any element
right now in the snake pants
when it is dragging they are seeing
the folds how does it move that does not
I'm going to possible in a generation
look, for example, pants
the typical circle that does not just
hook with the body does not engage
all like bracelets that looks like
that is floating I do not know if it 's good
but it is that they are generation things
current
I do not know if the next generation will see
Those are things that not very much that
it has to be very very purified for
that look perfect are mistakes like
example in the demo of watts dogs had
moments when the jacket went through
the legs of the character and was nexgen
is that those are things that are mistakes
that I think he will have the games all
life you see this more perfect
then not much more polished than you and
for here it is and a version of
playstation 3 I do not deny it but let it be
maybe more more let's say be reduced in
all the elements in the smoke that by
example like we're seeing now
that's going to ask you right now
that smoke you really think what it is
that smoke is possible in the consoles of
the current generation that system of
particles is also true that the
game uses a new graphic engine and
maybe this gives us those
possibilities in the characteristics of
the current generation of consoles
that either but I do not know good because there's no
no problem guys we'll see what it is
what happens we'll see if we discover
more things the truth is that the images
we have them here right now what
we are seeing are images of that
trailer by the way with a musical theme
of the band garbage the truth is that a
I was surprised enough to hear
this is a pretty curious song that
I suppose you are going to wear this game
otherwise I would not put it on the trailer
and well, we are going to be very attentive to
more information about this metal
gear solid 5 many thanks guys
for having been there commenting and we
we see people who think the public by
supposed rivers of ink in the section of
comments that the debate be organized and
you will all say and write your
commentary
to respect please anyone and giving
your opinion on you think that this
metal gear solid 5 the phantom pain is
possible really as it has been shown
as it has been shown in the current
generation of consoles